S3 uploads with kms key need the id (#2)
dod-iac/terraform-aws-s3-kms-key: README.md

| aws\_kms\_alias\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key alias. |
| aws\_kms\_alias\_name | The display name of the alias. |
| aws\_kms\_key\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key. |

> | aws\_kms\_key\_id | The id of the key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| aws\_kms\_key\_id | The globally unique identifier for the key.
```

Usually try to copy the value from the terraform docs if its just a pass through.
